[DX-613] Update okta-dcr.md (#3051)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-developer-portal/tyk-portal-classic/okta-dcr.md

A note on grant types and response types in OKTA

> It’s important to note that OKTA’s DCR endpoint supports a parameter called `"application_type"`, the application types aren’t standard across all IDPs, while the initial specification mentions `"native"` or `"web"` types, some IDPs implement their own. In the current implementation Tyk supports the usage of the `"web"` application type which is necessary in supporting the client credentials flow that’s described in this guide, as well as others, this is set automatically when OKTA is set as the provider. Currently, the ability to change the application type is available with the Enterprise Developer Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s important to note that OKTA’s DCR endpoint supports a parameter called `"application_type"`. The application types aren’t standard across all IDPs. While the initial specification mentions `"native"` or `"web"` types, some IDPs implement their own. In the current implementation Tyk supports the usage of the `"web"` application type, which is necessary in supporting the client credentials flow that’s described in this guide. This is set automatically when OKTA is configured as the provider. Currently, the ability to change the application type is available with the Enterprise Developer Portal.
```

Reviewer: Hi @Firaasss Thanks for raising the PR in relation to OKTA based on the discussion in this [thread](https://tyktech.slack.com/archives/C51P42LLT/p1689608929514729). Should we add a link to how to configure application type in Enterprise Developer Portal as given in the [thread](https://tyktech.slack.com/archives/C51P42LLT/p1689608929514729)? 

This page is for classic portal. Has Tyk Classic Portal being tested with `web` application_type?  After reading the [thread](https://tyktech.slack.com/archives/C51P42LLT/p1689608929514729), `web` application_type is not supported on classic portal with OKTA? If this is the case should a sentence be added to explain this?
